WRN-2869: UI Sampler: Migrate storybook/addon-knobs to addon-controls (#2939)
enactjs/enact: packages/sampler/CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact Sampler, newest changes on the top.

> ### Changed
> 
> - Deprecated plugin `addon-knobs` replaced with `addon-controls`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [unreleased]

- Replaced the deprecated plugin `addon-knobs` with `addon-controls`

```

Author: OK
